docs: add compare with parcel section (#7035)
web-infra-dev/rspack: website/docs/en/guide/start/introduction.mdx

Rspack and Rollup are both bundling tools, but they focus on different areas. Rollup is more suitable for bundling libraries, while Rspack is more suitable for bundling applications. Therefore, Rspack has optimized many features for bundling applications, such as HMR and Bundle splitting. Rollup produces ESM outputs that are more friendly to libraries than Rspack. There are also many tools in the community that encapsulate Rollup to some extent and provide more friendly support for bundling applications, such as vite and wmr. Currently, Rspack has better production build performance than rollup.

## Differences from Parcel

> The overall architecture of Rspack has a lot in common with Parcel, as both regard CSS and Assets as first-class citizens and both support filter-based transformers. However, Parcel focuses more on out-of-the-box usability, while Rspack focuses more on providing flexible configurations for upper-level frameworks and tools. The innovative features of Parcel like Unified Graph and treating HTML as first-class citizens are features that Rspack will support in the future."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The overall architecture of Rspack shares many similarities with Parcel. For example, both treat CSS assets as first-class citizens and both support filter-based transformers. However, Parcel focuses more on out-of-the-box usability, while Rspack focuses more on providing flexible configuration for upper-level frameworks and tools. Parcel innovatively designed features like the Unified Graph and making HTML a first-class citizen. Rspack also plans to support these features in the future.
```

> The overall architecture of Rspack has a lot in common with [Parcel](https://parceljs.org/), as both regard CSS and Assets as first-class citizens and both support filter-based transformers. However, Parcel focuses more on out-of-the-box usability, while Rspack focuses more on providing flexible configurations for upper-level frameworks and tools. The innovative features of Parcel like Unified Graph and treating HTML as first-class citizens are features that Rspack will support in the future."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The overall architecture of Rspack shares many similarities with [Parcel](https://parceljs.org/). For example, both treat CSS assets as first-class citizens and both support filter-based transformers. However, Parcel focuses more on out-of-the-box usability, while Rspack focuses more on providing flexible configuration for upper-level frameworks and tools. Parcel innovatively designed features like the Unified Graph and making HTML a first-class citizen. Rspack also plans to support these features in the future.
```
